[Music]
hey there it's me again and I haven't
come empty-handed no see I have a new
set of super hard rentals only the
smartest minds can solve are you one of
them in that case crack as many riddles
as you can and check your results at the
end of the video good luck
number one a buried Corral mr. Douglas
was a wealthy American who was dreaming
of buying a castle in France one day his
dream came true and he moved to his new
home with his wife thirteen year-old son
Dave and nine-year-old daughter Mia
everyone was happy about the relocation
but the girl she had to leave her
friends behind and now she spent hours
on end studying French one day Mia was
wandering around the castle when she
noticed that a portrait of a pretty
little princess was crooked when she
came up to straighten it a letter fell
down from behind the frame luckily Mia
had learned enough French to read it the
letter was dated back to 1835 and in it
the very girl from the portrait wrote
that she was tired of being a princess
that's why that day at 3:00 p.m. she
buried her crown and all her jewellery
under a massive oak behind the castle
right where the shadow from its top
ended Mia rushed to the nearest window
and saw the oak even better
it was exactly 3:00 p.m. the girl ran
outside and started to dig in the place
described in the letter but although she
did everything correctly she couldn't
find any treasure and you have only ten
seconds to figure out why
the tree has grown much taller since
1835 and of course its shadow has become
longer as well number two a destroyed
kingdom when kingdom was regularly
attacked by witches until one day it was
burned to ashes by a bizarre-looking
blue fire that was impossible to
extinguish the only person who survived
was the prince of the kingdom and he
knew that no one but a witch could start
such a fire that's why he decided to
travel to the land of witches to figure
out who had destroyed his country when
he arrived he saw three witches grey
brown and purple sitting around the
infamous blue fire my kingdom was
destroyed by witchcraft who did it the
gray which answered that at the moment
of the attack she was on vacation in
Africa the brown which was indignant
that the prince would accuse her of
doing such evil deeds and informed him
that she had just returned from China
and the purple which claimed that she
could tell the future and heal people
but had no power over fire you have ten
seconds to figure out who burned the
princes kingdom
it was the purple witch how did she know
about a fire if the Prince never
mentioned it
number three kidnapped Liam little
Liam's parents were in a sheer panic
their seven-year-old son had been
kidnapped
Liam's mom told the police that when
they'd arrived home the living room
window was broken and there was no boy
in the house the only thing they found
was his sketchbook with a picture inside
the police questioned three suspects Mia
Liam's aunt said she had been out of
town but as soon as she found out about
the accident she rushed back Lucas
Liam's uncle informed the police that he
hadn't seen his nephew for several weeks
and finally Tom a family friend claimed
that he'd spent some time with a boy the
day before but they hadn't met since can
you identify the kidnapper
Liam sketch can help you with your task
[Music]
the kidnapper is Tom
number four an apple in a bottle you see
a full-sized Apple in a glass bottle
with a thin neck the fruit is intact and
the bottle is also undamaged then how
was the fruit placed there the Apple
grew inside the bottom which was put on
the tree branch
even before the fruit was formed number
five a smart tribe leader one night a
theft happened in a tribe in the morning
when it was discovered the tribe leader
gathered all the tribe members and
questioned them in the end he had six
suspects the leader gave each of them a
wooden stick and told him that they were
magical and by the end of the day the
thief stick would grow three inches
longer when the suspects came to the
leader in the morning he looked at the
sticks they were holding in their hands
and immediately knew who the criminal
was how did he figure it out if the
sticks weren't actually magical and none
of them had grown longer
[Music]
the thief stick was three inches shorter
than the rest because he'd expected it
to grow during the night six a robot
that went around the bend
Ben was the chief engineer in a secret
laboratory that produced robots one day
he had to test a new experimental robot
model following the instructions then
used an electronic lock to close and
shut the door and only after that he
switched the robot on but something went
wrong and the machine got out of control
and began to attack the engineer then
rushed toward the door but for some
mysterious reason it wouldn't budge
looking around in a panic the man
spotted several things that could help
him defend the robot off a pointer a
short rubber stick deodorant spray and a
lighter which object or objects should
been use to protect himself the rubber
stick would do nothing to stop the robot
if Ben had enough time he could probably
make a flamethrower from the lighter and
the spray but even so it wouldn't harm
the heavy metal robot but with the help
of the seemingly harmless pointer the
engineer can reach the robots power
button and switch the crazy thing off
seven stolen documents a businessman
arrived at his office after a long trip
and discovered that some important
documents had disappeared from his desk
he immediately called the police and a
detective arrived shortly after after
interviewing all the workers he had a
list with three suspects on it
they were Emma the accountant Sophia the
receptionist and James the sales manager
but each of these people claimed that
they hadn't even been inside the
business man's office still it didn't
take long until the detective figured
out who was lying will 10 second to be
enough for you
the thief is James both women wear high
heels in the office but the footprints
on the floor were obviously left by
sneakers 8 what am i you throw me when
you need me and pick me up when you
don't need me can you figure out what I
am in 10 seconds
[Music]
right you are I'm an anchor 9 a risky
trick a professional skydiver jumped out
of an airplane but she'd forgotten to
put on her parachute and still she
survived how was it possible well the
plane wasn't in the air yet she was just
preparing for a flight 10 a mathematical
puzzle can you increase 66 by 1.5 if you
aren't allowed to make any mathematical
operations hurry up you only have ten
seconds to figure it out
[Music]
just turn 66 upside down 11 an
unexpected thief a crying woman called
the police and told them that someone
had stolen her belongings when the
police arrived they heard the full story
the woman had been standing on the side
of the road with her wallet cellphone
and several shopping bags in her hands
waiting for her taxi suddenly a man
rushed by and snatched her wallet and
smartphone unfortunately the woman had
seen him only from behind
luckily the police managed to find a
witness who had been standing nearby
when the theft had happened the man said
that the thief was a tall red-haired man
dressed in a blue jacket worn jeans and
black sneakers and after he grabbed the
woman's things the thief went inside the
nearest building through the fire escape
door surprisingly the police immediately
arrested the witness and true to form
the woman's wallet and cell phone were
found in his pockets ten seconds for you
to figure out how the police realized
that he was the criminal
[Music]
fire-escape doors can only be open from
the inside so the man lied from the very
beginning to trick the police 12 flowers
for the wife a death man came to a
flower store to buy some flowers for his
beloved wife's birthday
how can he explain to the shop assistant
what he needs he can just say it he's
deaf not mute and that will be all here
are your results if you crack 0 to 4
riddles
I'm sure it's just not your day today go
take a consolation prize a muffin or a
piece of pizza whatever sounds better to
you
I'll bet next time you'll do better if
you saw 5 to 8 riddles good job you
should be proud of your logical thinking
and analytical skills if the number of
riddles you've solved correctly is 9 to
12 you're an extremely bright individual
Wow I need sunglasses and since you've
probably already deduced what I have to
tell you I'll spare your time and only
say keep it up hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life